Add a definition for "frame" (#4313)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

: The endpoint that accepts a QUIC connection.

> QUIC packet:
> 
> : A complete processable unit of QUIC that can be encapsulated in a UDP
>   datagram.  QUIC packets carry one or more frames.  Multiple QUIC packets can
>   be encapsulated in a single UDP datagram.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
QUIC packet:

: A complete processable unit of QUIC that can be encapsulated in a UDP
  datagram.  One or more QUIC packets can be encapsulated in a single UDP
  datagram.
```

Ack-eliciting Packet:

: A QUIC packet that contains frames other than ACK, PADDING, and
  CONNECTION_CLOSE. These cause a recipient to send an acknowledgment; see
  {{sending-acknowledgements}}.

Frame:

: A unit of structured protocol information.  There are multiple frame types,

>   each of which carries different information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  each of which carries different information.  Collections of frames are
  transported by QUIC packets.
```

: The endpoint that accepts a QUIC connection.

QUIC packet:

: A complete processable unit of QUIC that can be encapsulated in a UDP
  datagram.  One or more QUIC packets can be encapsulated in a single UDP
  datagram.

Ack-eliciting Packet:

: A QUIC packet that contains frames other than ACK, PADDING, and
  CONNECTION_CLOSE. These cause a recipient to send an acknowledgment; see
  {{sending-acknowledgements}}.

Frame:

> : A unit of structured protocol information.  There are multiple frame types,
>   each of which carries different information.  Frames are conveyed in QUIC

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
: A unit of structured protocol information.  A frame begins with a frame type,
  which indicates what information is contained in the frame. Frames are conveyed in QUIC
```

Author: I think we can skip that.  It's correct, but I don't think we need it here.

Reviewer: I agree; that's too detailed for the definitions list.  I think the furthest I'd go is to say there are multiple types of frames, but I'm not sure we need even that.

>   each of which carries different information.  Frames are conveyed in QUIC

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  each of which carries different information.  Frames are contained in QUIC
```

>   each of which carries different information.  Frames are conveyed in QUIC

Author: ```suggestion
  each of which carries different information.  Frames are contained in QUIC
```
